welcome to real kids today we're talking
about the best movies of 2015 you know
the ones that haven't happened yet the
minions from Despicable Me are getting
their own movie what would you do with
your own team of minions I will have the
most awesome display in the world and by
me those little magnetic little toys
would you still have a use for your mom
or we're minions kind of take over every
little thing you need my mom would
anyway need to do her chores
that would be great dude good gift your
mom my first minions Dan how they fall
into that math first or science no out
of the big movies coming out this year
which one do you wish you could live out
in your real life Oh Cinderella I've
always wanted to sit around here's the
thing Cinderella didn't have a great
life leading up to that ball but you
want to go through all that stuff all
right I'm just saying you got a rough
road ahead until age 17 I will pay with
that all right just a warning
your life will be terrible on the night
of the ball Cinderella has to be home by
midnight do you think that's a late
curfew curfew is something I hate it for
most of my life it's when you have to be
home by a certain time
oh my mom doesn't care but I've run out
doing everything she doesn't get me when
the Avengers fight a bunch of bad guys
and destroy the city in doing so whose
job do you think it should be to clean
it up them or a janitor a janitor yes a
lot of work for a janitor the new Star
Wars is called Star Wars The Force
awakens so it begs the question where
has the force been all these years the
force its awakening it's below us it's
like we're talking about you shirts it's
right there okay according to what
you're saying
the force is with us and we can move
stuff right you're moving me oh wow
okay well it's not safe I should
probably stop doing that the force can
get you sued